Question
Which of the following sequence of documents represents a standard order-to-cash process in SAP S/4HANA?
A. Inquiry → Quotation → Billing document → Sales order → Outbound delivery
B. Quotation → Inquiry → Sales order → Outbound delivery
C. Inquiry → Quotation → Sales order → Outbound delivery
D. Sales order → Post goods issue → Outbound delivery → Billing document
Correct Answer:C,A
Explanation: You cannot create a billing document before a sales order. Therefore, answer A is incorrect. You can create a quotation after an inquiry but not the other way around, which invalidates answer B. Post goods issue is always performed after the outbound delivery is created; thus, answer D is also incorrect. Only answer C remains as the correct answer, which is in line with the diagram shown earlier in Figure 9.1.
Question
Which of the following are key features of the SAP Fiori factsheet app Sales Quotations? (There are two correct answers.)
A. Display schedule lines details for each of the items
B. Navigate to the Customer – 360° View app
C. Display relevant key facts of the preceding inquiry
D. Display relevant key facts of the quotation
Correct Answer:B and D 
Explanation: The SAP Fiori factsheet app Sales Quotations does not display information at the schedule line level, nor does it show key facts of the preceding inquiry. The key facts displayed at the top of the screen always belong to the actual quotation selected. Therefore, answers A and C are both incorrect, leaving us with B and D as the only two correct answers to this question.
Question
Which of the following statements are correct regarding alternative items in sales?
A. True
B. False
Correct Answer:A 
Explanation: You can offer your customer optional alternative materials by entering them directly below the item requested in both inquiries and quotations.
Question
In a sales order with three items (items 10, 20, and 30), payment terms CP00 have been copied from the customer master into the order header, as well as into all three items in the order. The user manually changes the payment terms for item 20 to R001 and saves the order. What would happen if another user subsequently changes the payment terms at the header level to TCPT?
A. The payment terms are updated to TCPT on all items.
B. The payment terms are updated to TCPT on items 10 and 30 only.
C. The payment terms are updated to TCPT on item 20 only.
D. The payment terms are changed at the header level, but none of the items are updated.
Correct Answer:B 
Question
Which of the following data is proposed from the business partner master record of the ship-to party during sales order creation? (There are three correct answers.)
A. Incoterms
B. Tax
C. Shipping conditions
D. Ship-to address
E. Delivering plant
Correct Answer:B,D,E 